Mention an alternative approach for toolchains (#22)
WebAssembly/custom-page-sizes: proposals/custom-page-sizes/Overview.md

[imagine]: https://github.com/WebAssembly/custom-page-sizes/issues/3

> #### Alternative: use an immutable global instead of the relocations
> 
> Alternativey, we can probably use an immutable global instead of
> the relocations.
> 
> Pros over relocations:
> 
> - The toolchain implementations might be more straightforward that way.
> - A global can be exported/imported. It might be simpler for things like
>   [dynamic-linking].
> - The resulted binary might be more friendly to binary-rewriters like
>   wasm-opt.
> 
> A possible downside is that you can't have the page size in data sections.
> Eg. consider a C global variable like the following.
> It shouldn't be a big problem these days as modern applications do not
> assume that the page size is a build-time constant anyway though.
> 
> ```c
> static int global_var = PAGE_SIZE;
> ```
> 
> [dynamic-linking]: https://github.com/WebAssembly/tool-conventions/blob/main/DynamicLinking.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the linker could inject an immutable global defining the page
size and relocate uses of the `__builtin_wasm_page_size()` to `global.get
$injected_page_size_global` instead of `i32.const $page_size`. This is mostly
equivalent, and should not fundamentally have any more or less potential for
optimization by the Wasm consumer, but may allow [dynamic linking] to either
assert an expected page size (to double check against dynamic linking errors at
runtime) or even for a shared library module to be compatibly linked with
modules using any page size.

[dynamic linking]: https://github.com/WebAssembly/tool-conventions/blob/main/DynamicLinking.md
```
